README.rst, before:

wunderpy
========

|Build Status| |Version| |Downloads|

The goal of this project is to make `Wunderlist's`_ private and
undocumented API less private and better documented, while also
providing a python client implementation. I've explained how I figured
out the API in a blog post `here`_, in case anyone is curious or wants
to contribute.

You can read the documentation at `readthedocs.`_

Disclaimer
----------

In no way is this project near complete or perfect. There are a lot of
things that can be done better, especially design-wise, that I'm trying
to fix as I learn more. Things are liable to change or break
unexpectedly.

Example
-------

::

    from datetime import datetime
    from wunderpy import Wunderlist

    w = Wunderlist()
    w.login("username", "password")
    w.update_lists()  # you have to run this first, before you do anything else

    w.add_list("test")  # make a new list called "test"

    due = datetime.now().isoformat()
    w.add_task("test wunderpy", list_title="test", note="a note",
               due_date=due, starred=True)  # add a task to it
    w.complete_task("test wunderpy", "test")  # complete it
    w.delete_task("test wunderpy", "test")  # and delete it

    w.delete_list("test")  # and delete the list

Building the Docs
-----------------

Chances are, you're looking for information on how to use the API. I'm
in the process of documenting everything in wunderpy. Information on the
API, as well as the classes provided by wunderpy are documented with
sphinx.

To generate the documentation:

::

    cd docs
    make html # other options are available
    # look in the docs/build/html dir for the documentation

Running Tests
-------------

I'm working on writing tests for everything.

If you want to run said tests, make sure you have tox installed. After that, all you have to do is run tox.

By default, it will not run any tests for the API calls, as they take around 30 seconds to run.
If you want to run those tests, you can either store your email and password in
the WUNDERPY_EMAIL and WUNDERPY_PASSWORD env vars, or you can create an ini file like this:

::

    [login]
    email = test@email.web
    password = password

Then you would run tox -- --tc-file your_config.ini.

Contributing
------------

First off, I can't thank you enough. This is my first open source project that receives even a small amount of attention, so I'm a bit new to all of this. I don't have many guidelines, just make sure your code passes PEP8, and try to have pull requests merge to the develop branch. I like to follow something akin to the `gitflow`_ branching model, so merging to develop makes that a lot easier.

Changelog
---------

0.2.5
^^^^^
* Fix python 3 support

0.2.3 - 0.2.4
^^^^^

* Bugfixes

0.2.2
^^^^^

* Client

  * Add TaskList and Task classes
  * Add filtering methods
  * Add tests for new classes and most Wunderlist functionality

* CLI

  * Add --today and --week options
  * Only display incomplete tasks by default, add --show-complete option.
  

0.2.1
^^^^^
* Add a CLI interface
* Ensure session headers are included in all requests

License
-------

The MIT License (MIT)

Copyright (c) 2013 bsmt

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of
this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in
the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to
use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of
the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so,
subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS
FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR
COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER
IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN
CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.


.. _Wunderlist's: https://wunderlist.com
.. _here: http://bsmt.me/reverse-engineering-the-wunderlist-api/
.. _readthedocs.: http://wunderpy.readthedocs.org/en/latest/

.. |Build Status| image:: https://travis-ci.org/bsmt/wunderpy.png
   :target: https://travis-ci.org/bsmt/wunderpy
.. |Version| image:: https://pypip.in/v/wunderpy/badge.png
    :target: https://pypi.python.org/pypi/wunderpy
.. |Downloads| image:: https://pypip.in/d/wunderpy/badge.png
    :target: https://crate.io/packages/wunderpy/

.. _gitflow: http://nvie.com/posts/a-successful-git-branching-model/

Commit message:

Sometimes I wonder why I open source things

README.rst, after:

wunderpy
========

|Build Status| |Version| |Downloads|

You can read the documentation at `readthedocs.`_

Current State
----------

Wunderlist's official API is out. I have all of the new calls implemented, but some core changes need to be made to support
their revision system. They have likely taken down the old API, so for the time being *this library does not work*.
I'm not providing an ETA because I have too many projects which are more interesting/important, and frankly maintaining this
library is about as tedious and boring as a liberal arts school poetry slam.

Example
-------

::

    from datetime import datetime
    from wunderpy import Wunderlist

    w = Wunderlist()
    w.login("username", "password")
    w.update_lists()  # you have to run this first, before you do anything else

    w.add_list("test")  # make a new list called "test"

    due = datetime.now().isoformat()
    w.add_task("test wunderpy", list_title="test", note="a note",
               due_date=due, starred=True)  # add a task to it
    w.complete_task("test wunderpy", "test")  # complete it
    w.delete_task("test wunderpy", "test")  # and delete it

    w.delete_list("test")  # and delete the list

Building the Docs
-----------------

Chances are, you're looking for information on how to use the API. I'm
in the process of documenting everything in wunderpy. Information on the
API, as well as the classes provided by wunderpy are documented with
sphinx.

To generate the documentation:

::

    cd docs
    make html # other options are available
    # look in the docs/build/html dir for the documentation

Running Tests
-------------

I'm working on writing tests for everything.

If you want to run said tests, make sure you have tox installed. After that, all you have to do is run tox.

By default, it will not run any tests for the API calls, as they take around 30 seconds to run.
If you want to run those tests, you can either store your email and password in
the WUNDERPY_EMAIL and WUNDERPY_PASSWORD env vars, or you can create an ini file like this:

::

    [login]
    email = test@email.web
    password = password

Then you would run tox -- --tc-file your_config.ini.

Contributing
------------

First off, I can't thank you enough. This is my first open source project that receives even a small amount of attention, so I'm a bit new to all of this. I don't have many guidelines, just make sure your code passes PEP8, and try to have pull requests merge to the develop branch. I like to follow something akin to the `gitflow`_ branching model, so merging to develop makes that a lot easier.

Changelog
---------

0.2.5
^^^^^
* Fix python 3 support

0.2.3 - 0.2.4
^^^^^

* Bugfixes

0.2.2
^^^^^

* Client

  * Add TaskList and Task classes
  * Add filtering methods
  * Add tests for new classes and most Wunderlist functionality

* CLI

  * Add --today and --week options
  * Only display incomplete tasks by default, add --show-complete option.
  

0.2.1
^^^^^
* Add a CLI interface
* Ensure session headers are included in all requests

License
-------

The MIT License (MIT)

Copyright (c) 2013 bsmt

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of
this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in
the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to
use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of
the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so,
subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS
FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR
COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER
IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN
CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.


.. _Wunderlist's: https://wunderlist.com
.. _here: http://bsmt.me/reverse-engineering-the-wunderlist-api/
.. _readthedocs.: http://wunderpy.readthedocs.org/en/latest/

.. |Build Status| image:: https://travis-ci.org/bsmt/wunderpy.png
   :target: https://travis-ci.org/bsmt/wunderpy
.. |Version| image:: https://pypip.in/v/wunderpy/badge.png
    :target: https://pypi.python.org/pypi/wunderpy
.. |Downloads| image:: https://pypip.in/d/wunderpy/badge.png
    :target: https://crate.io/packages/wunderpy/

.. _gitflow: http://nvie.com/posts/a-successful-git-branching-model/
